e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Localization\BclCalendars.cs(75,23): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'CalendarSystem' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Localization\BclCalendars.cs(16,23): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'CalendarSystem' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\Clock.cs(88,45): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'IDateTimeZoneProvider' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\Clock.cs(76,42): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'DateTimeZone' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Model\TimeZone.cs(15,44): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'Offset' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Model\TimeZone.cs(15,67): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'Offset' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Model\TimeZone.cs(15,86): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'DateTimeZone' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\Clock.cs(66,25): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'DateTimeZone' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\BackgroundTasks\BackgroundTaskScheduler.cs(2,7): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'NCrontab' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Localization\BclCalendars.cs(3,7): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'NodaTime' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Model\TimeZone.cs(1,7): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'NodaTime' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\Clock.cs(3,7): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'NodaTime' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\Clock.cs(4,7): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'NodaTime' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\LocalClock.cs(4,7): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'NodaTime' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellConfigurationSources.cs(6,7): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'Newtonsoft' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellConfigurationSources.cs(7,7): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'Newtonsoft' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellsSettingsSources.cs(6,7): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'Newtonsoft' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellsSettingsSources.cs(7,7): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'Newtonsoft' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\ShellSettingsManager.cs(9,7): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'Newtonsoft' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Model\TimeZone.cs(9,16): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'Offset' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Model\TimeZone.cs(11,16): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'Offset' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Model\TimeZone.cs(13,16): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'DateTimeZone' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\Clock.cs(10,24): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'Instant' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\LocalClock.cs(51,34): error CS0103: The name 'OffsetDateTime' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\BackgroundTasks\BackgroundTaskScheduler.cs(41,33): error CS0103: The name 'CrontabSchedule' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\ShellSettingsManager.cs(168,38): error CS0103: The name 'JObject' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\ShellSettingsManager.cs(169,38): error CS0103: The name 'JObject' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\ShellSettingsManager.cs(190,40): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'JObject' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Localization\BclCalendars.cs(21,28): error CS0103: The name 'CalendarSystem' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Localization\BclCalendars.cs(23,28): error CS0103: The name 'CalendarSystem' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Localization\BclCalendars.cs(25,28): error CS0103: The name 'CalendarSystem' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Localization\BclCalendars.cs(27,28): error CS0103: The name 'CalendarSystem' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Localization\BclCalendars.cs(30,27): error CS0103: The name 'CalendarSystem' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Localization\BclCalendars.cs(31,27): error CS0103: The name 'CalendarSystem' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Localization\BclCalendars.cs(33,28): error CS0103: The name 'CalendarSystem' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Localization\BclCalendars.cs(85,24): error CS0103: The name 'CalendarSystem' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Localization\BclCalendars.cs(89,24): error CS0103: The name 'CalendarSystem' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Localization\BclCalendars.cs(93,24): error CS0103: The name 'CalendarSystem' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Localization\BclCalendars.cs(97,24): error CS0103: The name 'CalendarSystem' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Localization\BclCalendars.cs(102,23): error CS0103: The name 'CalendarSystem' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Localization\BclCalendars.cs(103,23): error CS0103: The name 'CalendarSystem' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Localization\BclCalendars.cs(107,24): error CS0103: The name 'CalendarSystem' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\Clock.cs(10,50): error CS0103: The name 'SystemClock' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\Clock.cs(27,34): error CS0103: The name 'TzdbDateTimeZoneSource' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\Clock.cs(29,26): error CS0103: The name 'DateTimeZoneProviders' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\Clock.cs(51,28): error CS0103: The name 'DateTimeZoneProviders' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\Clock.cs(52,17): error CS0103: The name 'TzdbDateTimeZoneSource' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\Clock.cs(54,43): error CS0103: The name 'TzdbDateTimeZoneSource' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\Clock.cs(62,34): error CS0103: The name 'OffsetDateTime' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\Clock.cs(68,68): error CS0103: The name 'DateTimeZoneProviders' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\Clock.cs(70,24): error CS0103: The name 'DateTimeZoneProviders' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\Clock.cs(73,20): error CS0103: The name 'DateTimeZoneProviders' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\Clock.cs(80,52): error CS0103: The name 'DateTimeZone' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\LocalClock.cs(61,29): error CS0103: The name 'LocalDateTime' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellsSettingsSources.cs(28,13): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'JObject' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellsSettingsSources.cs(33,45): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'JsonTextReader' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellsSettingsSources.cs(35,49): error CS0103: The name 'JObject' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellsSettingsSources.cs(41,39): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'JObject' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellsSettingsSources.cs(44,64): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'JObject' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellsSettingsSources.cs(44,79): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'JObject' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellsSettingsSources.cs(62,41): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'JsonTextWriter' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellsSettingsSources.cs(62,77): error CS0103: The name 'Formatting' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellConfigurationSources.cs(35,13): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'JObject' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellConfigurationSources.cs(40,45): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'JsonTextReader' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellConfigurationSources.cs(42,40): error CS0103: The name 'JObject' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellConfigurationSources.cs(48,30): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'JObject' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellConfigurationSources.cs(67,41): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'JsonTextWriter' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellConfigurationSources.cs(67,77): error CS0103: The name 'Formatting' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Localization\BclCalendars.cs(3,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\LocalClock.cs(4,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\obj\Debug\net5.0\OrchardCore.AssemblyInfo.cs(12,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\obj\Debug\net5.0\.NETCoreApp,Version=v5.0.AssemblyAttributes.cs(2,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\ShellSettingsManager.cs(9,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\obj\Debug\net5.0\OrchardCore.AssemblyInfo.cs(11,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\BackgroundTasks\BackgroundTaskScheduler.cs(2,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\Clock.cs(3,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellsSettingsSources.cs(6,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\obj\Debug\net5.0\.NETCoreApp,Version=v5.0.AssemblyAttributes.cs(3,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Services\Clock.cs(4,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellConfigurationSources.cs(6,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Extensions\OrchardCoreBuilderExtensions.cs(1,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellsSettingsSources.cs(7,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Modules\Model\TimeZone.cs(1,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\Configuration\ShellConfigurationSources.cs(7,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore\Shell\ServiceCollectionExtensions.cs(6,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
