e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(313,17): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'BlobClient' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(321,28): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'BlobHierarchyItem' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(44,26): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'BlobContainerClient' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(8,7): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'Azure' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(9,7): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'Azure' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(54,34): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'BlobContainerClient' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(109,64): error CS0103: The name 'BlobTraits' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(109,85): error CS0103: The name 'BlobStates' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(145,53): error CS0103: The name 'BlobTraits' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(145,74): error CS0103: The name 'BlobStates' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(218,53): error CS0103: The name 'BlobTraits' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(218,74): error CS0103: The name 'BlobStates' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(222,57): error CS0103: The name 'DeleteSnapshotsOption' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(260,51): error CS0103: The name 'CopyStatus' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(267,48): error CS0103: The name 'CopyStatus' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(303,31): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'BlobHttpHeaders' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(327,64): error CS0103: The name 'BlobTraits' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(327,85): error CS0103: The name 'BlobStates' does not exist in the current context
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\obj\Debug\net5.0\.NETCoreApp,Version=v5.0.AssemblyAttributes.cs(2,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(9,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(8,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\obj\Debug\net5.0\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob.AssemblyInfo.cs(11,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\obj\Debug\net5.0\.NETCoreApp,Version=v5.0.AssemblyAttributes.cs(3,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\BlobFileStore.cs(4,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
e:\Repos\OrchardCore\src\OrchardCore\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob\obj\Debug\net5.0\OrchardCore.FileStorage.AzureBlob.AssemblyInfo.cs(12,1): hidden CS8019: Unnecessary using directive.
